It must be that bastard behind the scenes.
Otherwise, we would have changed two hospitals
The medical report shows that grandpa is in good health
But grandpa vomited blood inexplicably
I first saw the guy who had supper
I thought he was sneaky
It's like the cult fighters in the movies.
Now I'm being said by Sisi
I also think it's a late-night snack post
How should he end?
otherwise
The medical reports of the two hospitals are exactly the same
Why did he insist on Mr. Bai?
Lifespan over two days
And he just said so
Grandpa Bai began to vomit blood inexplicably
If the one surnamed Ye is smashed to death
If the old man really has an accident
Why did he break into pieces?
I'll call now.
Let Shenyang bring the supper over
That's impossible.
How could I lose to you seven games of supper in a row?
No reason to come again
If I only used half my strength
Are you going to be pissed off?
Fucking tone
Come again. Come again.
Hello, Mom.
Bring that bastard from supper to the First Hospital immediately
Your grandfather fell under his spell and is dying, mom